[GARCÍA_SOÁREZ][Trovadorismo]
[inicio]
ma_dre, se meu a_mi_go ve_es_se,
de_man_dar-lh'-í_a, se vos proug_ues_se,
que se ve_es_se ve_er co_mi_go.
se ve_er, ma_dre, o meu a_mi_go,
de_man_dar-lh'-ei que se ve_ja mi_go.

se vos proug_uer, mia ma_dre ve_li_da,
quan_do ve_er o que mi ha ser_vi_da,
de_man_dar-lh'-ei que se ve_ja mi_go.
se ve_er, ma_dre, o meu a_mi_go,
de_man_dar-lh'-ei que se ve_ja mi_go.

sol que el ven_ha, se deus m'a_ju_de,
as_sí deus mi o mos_tre con sa_ú_de,
de_man_dar-lh'-ei que se ve_ja mi_go.
se ve_er, ma_dre, o meu a_mi_go,
de_man_dar-lh'-ei que se ve_ja mi_go.

por_que mi o re_fe_ris_tes ho_ga_no,
que me non viu per fe sen en_ga_no,
de_man_dar-lh'-ei que se ve_ja mi_go.
se ve_er, ma_dre, o meu a_mi_go,
de_man_dar-lh'-ei que se ve_ja mi_go.

non se_ja_des des_to en_fa_da_da;
se ve_er o que mi ha na_mo_ra_da,
de_man_dar-lh'-ei que se ve_ja mi_go.
se ve_er, ma_dre, o meu a_mi_go,
de_man_dar-lh'-ei que se ve_ja mi_go.
[fin]